# Bell429GlobalRanger-Model
A 3dsmax model of a Bell 429 GlobalRanger Helicopter
In this Repository I have attached the file of the model itself along with a video of the animation I created for the model.

For our "Games Modelling Design" Module in our second semester of first year we were tasked with creating a 3d artefact of a real world object. While creating this artefact we had to demostrate what we had learned throughout the whole module. Specifically we were to demonstarte use of the tools edit poly, lofting and other techniques we had utilised previously. We were told to challenge ourselves with an artefact with detail and complexity.

I chose to create a Bell 429 GlobalRanger Helicopter as I believed it would be a challenging model in which I could really test my ablities in 3ds max. I found a blueprint online of the object I had chosen to model and used edit poly in conjuction with this blueprint to create most of the hull of the helicopter. Utilising the shift key to pull edges out made the process of sculpting the hull much easier however I encountered a problem early on in which these new planes would not be connected to each other. Through trial and error I discovered the target weld feature which allowed me to join vertices together which was a great solution to my problem. The landing bars were created using lofting, I drew a line in the shape of the bars and attached a circle t omake the shape 3d, Once this was done I carefully moved the vertices to align correctly with the blueprint. The blades of the helicopter were also created using edit poly however through use of the tool Proboolean I was able to connect the individual blades into a single object which made the animation process much easier. Proboolean was also used to merge the rest of the helicopter together while leavingthe blades separate as they would be the main focus of the animation. Another crucial technique I used was symmetry. This not only reduced the time it took for me to create the model but it also was a major help with maintaing a symmetrical and aesthetically pleasing appearance.
